CURRICULUM VITAE


PREETHI  G
Creative + Motivated + Skilled
Contact phone:  +91 9986601280
Contact e-mail:	preethigapril@gmail.com



OBJECTIVE

To be associated with a progressive organization that gives scope to apply my knowledge and skills and to be part of a team that dynamically works towards the growth of the organization.

PROFICIENCY

Skills: 	Core Java, SQL, servlets, JSP, Struts 2.0, Hibernate, Spring, AJAX, HTML, Javascript, DOJO, jQuery, XML, HTML 5
Application Servers: 	Apache tomcat, JBOSS, Websphere.
Tools used: 	Eclipse, PlSql developer, Microsoft Word, Crystal Reports 2008, IBM Rational Application Developer, HP Application LifeCycle management Quality Centre, Clearcase Explorer, Project Explorer, Microsft visual source safe.
Databases known: 	Oracle 8i, Oracle 9i.
Subjects of interest:  	Java, Oracle 

CERTIFICATIONS

OCJP (Java Standard Edition 6 Programmer Certified Professional Exam): 86%

Oracle9i (OCA) at Oxford college of engineering, Bangalore. During this programme completed two modules of oracle9i.
Oracle9i (OCA)-Module I – Introduction to Oracle9i SQL      80%
Oracle9i (OCA)-Module II	- Database Administration	         76%

Level 0: Core Java

Level 1: Mortgage Banking

Completed java, j2ee course from NIIT

EXPERIENCE                                                                                                                                                                   

2 years and 3 months in Cognizant Technology Solutions.

PROJECT –DETAILS

Project Name (Type)	MSH RASS SS Development & Supp
Technology 	Struts 2.0, Dojo, Oracle
Tools used	Eclipse
Project Abstract	Vertical: Healthcare
Client: Mckesson Speciality Healthcare
Project Module: Reimbursement
Reimbursement provides a set of service to check patient insurance, coverage, and provide alternate funding and reference to PAP when needed.
The goal of our reimbursement services is to provide patients access to specific drugs.

Reimbursement services weave together threads of information about the product, the program, and the payer. When woven together, these threads show the reimbursement tapestry, which begins at the patient’s initial visit and ends when the service is closed.
It Includes several pages like Intake, Manage Queue, Insurance Verification, Benifit Summary, Prior Authorisation priscription transfer, pharmacy complete etc..

Development: GUI is done using DOJO and action classes are used  to process the Reinmbursement.
Ilog: Jrule is used for the rules apllied in the Application
WebLogic Server is used as an application server.

Team Size (Onsite: Offshore)	5
Role	DEVELOPER 

	

Project Name (Type)	ServiceLink: SS Doc Template
Vertical : Banking and Financial  Services.
Technology 	Java
Tools used	PlSql, Microsoft Word, Crystal Reports 2008, IBM Rational Application Developer, HP Application LifeCycle management Quality Centre, Clearcase Explorer, Project Explorer, Microsft visual source safe.
Project Abstract	Development: Vision Application development  includes Flex as frontend and uses DOM to retrieve the field values from the database using Collection framework.
Migration: Migration of Crystal report  to a word template, retrieving the values for Autotext, Mergefield, parameterized and Image fields from the database and testing it using Vision application which includes Flex as front end. This involves analyzing PLSQL queries and writing SQL queries, inserting records, migration and testing to generate a pdf of the report which matches the pdf generated from the Crystal report.
Documentation: written java code to remove the duplicates from the xml and word form templates.
Team Size (Onsite: Offshore)	7
Role	BI- SR. DEVELOPER 

	

Project Name (Type)	Putnam:  SunOneToJBossMigration
Vertical: Banking and Financial Services.
Technology & Tools	Maven, JBoss application server, JDBS, ANT
Project Abstract	Migration of SunOne application server to JBoss. Ant build is done using SunOne Application Server. While Migrating the same is done using Maven build. The tool used is JDBS JBoss integrated Eclipse.. The final project is the maven directory structured that is run using JBoss application server.
Documentation: Convertion of the resultant  migrated project into different formats such as pdf, xml, html, excel.
Team Size (Onsite: Offshore)	4
Role	Associate
	


Project Name (Type)	Banking Administration (MFRP)
Technology & Tools	Struts Framework, Swing and Apache Tomcat server
Project Abstract	Administration of Banking Information such as creating accounts, registering user, saving and retrieving the user information from database. UI creation is done using Swing as frontend. Oracle 10g is used to store the banking information.
Team Size (Onsite: Offshore)	4
Role	UI developer
	


EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION	

	Completed B.E.(Computer Science) from Oxford college of engineering under Visvesvaraya Technological University in the year 2010 with an aggregate of  65.60%.

	Completed  P.U.C(12th) from Kalpataru Pre University College under Department Of Pre-University Education in the year 2006 with an aggregate of  76.83%.

	Completed  S.S.L.C(10th) from  Govt. girls high school under Karnataka Secondary Education Examination Board  in the year 2004 with an aggregate of  88.64%.  


MAIN STRENGTHS AND SKILLS                                                                                                                                    

Belief in God, belief in self, desire to learn and enrich knowledge, Communication skills 

HOBBIES OR INTERESTS

Interested in music, Sketching and Painting, Cooking

PERSONAL INFORMATION                                                                              

Date of Birth:		10th Dec’88
Father’s Name:	Mr. H Gangappa
Mother’s Name:	Mrs. B C Suvarna
Languages:	Kannada, Hindi, English
Address:	D/O H.Gangappa,
	Kallappa Shetty Garden,
	Near Bus stand, B.H Road,
	Tiptur-572201
	Tumkur  district
	Karnataka state

Place: Bangalore                                                                   	Preethi G
